Once Meta dropped their Andromeda
update, I saw hundreds of comments of
people reporting that their return on ad
spends dropped from really high three,
six, even 10, all the way down to barely
breaking even. And even though tens of
thousands of advertisers spending
hundreds of millions of dollars in
Facebook ads have freaked out, the truth
is is that this is just another time
when you need to adapt. If you do, you
can gain a massive advantage over all of
your competition. And this is exactly
what we've done over the past few
months. Like this brand that drove
$108,000 in revenue in just seven days.
Or like this Shopify store that grew
141% quarter over quarter during the
exact time that Andromeda was released.
So to help you get back on track and
start this year off with a bang, I'm
going to share everything that you need
to do to get your ad account in the best
possible position for 2026. So to kick
things off, a good lay of the land is
what did Facebook used to look like and
what does it look like now? Before
Andromeda, what would happen is we would
select our audience and then we'd make a
bunch of creative for that audience. And
ideally what we would do is we would
spend as much as possible against an
audience that worked for us with a
creative that worked. Then Andromeda
releases and we move to a space where
the concept actually creates the
audience for us. So our objective goes
from a place where we want to select our
audience and select our creative to
match to the concept automatically being
matched to the audience. So people have
said things like creative is the
targeting which is true but the
important part that you need to
understand is it's not as simple as just
uploading your ads. You need to have a
system in place to develop as many great
concepts as possible cuz what you want
to happen over time is you want to
create a bunch of different concepts in
your account. Ideally each of these
concepts convert at different rates. For
example, concept number one might only
spend 10% of your budget, but do so at a
5x return on ad spend. Concept number
two might spend 90% of your budget, but
do so at a 2x. And I could obviously go
down the list here, but in old school
Facebook, you would push all of your
spend to the first concept here. New
school Facebook post Andromeda, we like
both concept A and concept B because
each of these concepts is above our
target, which I'm assuming is a 2x
return on ad spend for this example. So,
if you are just starting, this is your
very first day running ads, and you're
like, "What the heck do I do? I just
entered Facebook ads, and this thing
looks like I'm the captain of a ship.
There's so many buttons, I don't know
what to click." I'm going to keep this
really simple. For day one of running
ads, all I would like to create, if it
was my first day running ads, is a
single prospecting campaign with three
ad sets. I have never said this before,
if you've been watching my videos for
the last three plus years, you've never
heard me say this. This is something
I've pushed more so than ever before
because I've seen it be successful. The
first ad set that you want to create is
a pure 100% broad ad set. The other two
adets are interestbased adsets. What
I've seen most recently with Andromeda
is that the pixel takes a little bit
longer to learn, but once it learns, it
runs. What I like to do is I like to
give it two interest groups that are
most applicable to my business. Whatever
your category is, find the most niche
slash smallest brand that you could
possibly target in Facebook ads and run
with that as your first interest group.
Your second interest group, you could
literally do the same thing. All we're
trying to do with these two interest
groups is guide the algorithm so that
over time our broad audience, which is
by far our most important thing, is
starting to get more and more spend
against the right people. So, what this
will look like in your ad account is
you'll have a prospecting CBO campaign.
You'll have your broad pack one with all
of your creatives grouped in together.
And then you'll have a few interest
groups. At the campaign level, we're
using campaign budget always all the
time. We're always using highest volume
or value when we're just starting. And
we're setting up our audience segment
reporting. If you do not have these set
up, make sure you include your engaged
audiences, which are your 30-day site
visitors, your 90-day ad to carts, and
your existing customers, which are lists
of your entire customer base. Inside of
our broad pack, our conversion location
is always website. Our performance goal
is always maximize number of
conversions. And our conversion event is
always purchase. Don't fall for add to
carts. Don't fall for initiate
checkouts. You need to use the purchase
events. Otherwise, you're literally
telling Facebook you want to do
something that is not actually the end
goal. And scrolling down to the audience
section for your broad pack of your very
first day of running ads. Then yeah,
you're going 100% broad. It should say
advantage plus on. There should be no
exclusions in place. and you should just
let this rip. We're going to put all our
placements on, letting Facebook do its
thing as much as possible. The interest
group is going to be a little bit
different. Every setting up top is
exactly the same, except when we scroll
down to the audience section. In the
audience section, we're going to select
our exact single detailed targeting. And
I have something here that we're going
to get to a little bit down the line
when we start excluding customers. But
you can leave your exclusions completely
open if it's your first day of running
ads. And just like before, our
placements stay wide open. Now, your
goal here, if it's your first day, is
just get your ads in. Look at what ads
are working the best and go ahead and
make more of them. It also would be a
really good move here to look at your
competitors, look at what they're doing,
and try to copy with your own flare of
what they're doing the best. Moving on
to the state of under $3,000. The big
difference here in this stage is that
we're basically running our prospecting
exactly the same. There's no significant
change in our prospecting. You can keep
your interest. You could also delete
your interest if you want to. And as you
can see down here in my under 3K
section, I've added an existing customer
bucket. That existing customer bucket is
a new campaign that I am specifically
and only targeting all of my existing
customers. The reason for this is
Facebook has a tendency to overspend on
your existing customers. And we want to
break that out as early as possible. We
want prospecting to truly be new
acquisition and we want existing
customers to truly be a retention
effort. The way that we do this is
really simple. Again, we're keeping our
prospecting basically the same. If those
interests are working, keep them. If
they're not working and the broad's
doing most of the work, cut the interest
and just keep the broad. So, really,
we're just creating our retention
campaign here. And the only thing we
really need to focus on is inside of the
ad set. Everything stays exactly the
same, same settings we went over before,
except our audience. In our audience, we
have to do two very important things.
First, we have to include an audience.
So, make sure you include your
purchasers over the last 180 days. And
if you have an alltime list from like
Clavio or something, get that in here as
well. Do not select this button right
here that says use as a suggestion. If
you do select this, Facebook is allowed
to go beyond your list, which is not
what you want at all. You want this to
very clearly be a retention effort just
against your purchasers. So unselect
this. And then there's going to be an
option that says further limit the reach
of your ads. And let me show you what
this looks like. So right here, this is
what it will look like if you don't
click further limit the reach of your
ads. You want to click further limit the
reach and then again further limit the
reach. Click continue. It's a big
roadblock there. When you do this, you
then have to go back into your inclusion
and unselect use as a suggestion. If you
don't do this, Facebook is technically
just treating this as a source and then
it's going to expand beyond it. That's
not what we want to do here. Now, during
this phase of around $3,000, your
objective remains the same. All you
really want to do is take your best
creatives and make more of them and then
take iterations of those best creatives
and continue to again produce more. Once
we get beyond $3,000, beyond a hundred
bucks a day, it's time to introduce the
pack system. Now, the pack system is one
of the most important systems that you
could possibly integrate into your
account because it a keeps you organized
and b works with the algorithm so that
you have a mix of control plus allowing
the CBO to actually do its work. So,
what I have on my screen probably looks
like a monster. However, it's actually
really simple and this system builds
with you over time. We have some
accounts that have 70 packs that are
either active or were active at one
point. So, how this works is every time
you launch new creatives, you launch a
new pack. For example, if I had four new
creatives, whether they were all
statics, all videos, even if they were
catalog, I would throw them into a new
ad set every single time. What's really
happening here is we're not resetting
the learnings at the campaign level, and
we're not resetting learnings or
interfering with anything at the ad
level. All we're doing is introducing
all new things that are starting from
scratch. And if Facebook thinks that
these ads within this new pack are good,
it's going to start to spend money
against this pack. So between $3 to
$10,000, as we were just addressing,
this is the first introduction of the
pack system. You ideally want to launch
all broad packs and you take your best
winners and you graduate those into
interest groups. What this looks like in
practice is you're taking your first
broad pack, you're literally creating
pack number two with the exact same
settings and getting your next round of
creative. The idea here is that as you
build your account, you get more and
more and more creatives. Yes, you're
going to have a larger amount of adsets.
You're going to have a big campaign in
here, but you have a hyper competitive
environment. And that means that
Facebook will determine where to spend
your money. If this adset's doing
better, more money is going to go to
this adset. If it starts to fatigue,
which is going to happen, then that cash
is actually going to go down to a
different high-erforming pack. So, we
actually create almost a flywheel within
our prospecting campaign that actually
prevents us from making manual
intervention by pausing ads. And it also
helps us because as things fatigue, it's
going to redistribute that spend to
other high performing places. And again,
in that 3 to 10k range, we're looking at
a prospecting and an existing customer
campaign. Really, at this point, you've
learned some things. You've spent some
money. If you've been running ads for a
longer period of time, then you've
really learned some things. You've
really spent some money. So if something
worked, for example, like interest when
you first started out, just like I said
in the under 3K mark, don't be scared to
keep that in your 3 to 10k mark. And now
the part that everyone including myself
starts to really geek out about. We're
going to introduce our scaling
mechanism. So the way that this really
works is your top performing ads get
graduated into what I call the winners's
bucket. This bucket is imaginary. It
doesn't mean anything. Just think of it
as the holding ground for all your best
ads. What we do with those winners is
two things. First, we graduate them down
below into our interest groups. The
reason we graduate these into our
interest groups is because now creative
isn't the variable for if an interest is
successful. Interest groups need to be
tested for the interest, not for the
creative. If I put different creative in
every single interest group, we wouldn't
know if the creative is the reason the
interest is doing well or if the
interest targeting is the reason it's
doing well. After we graduate into the
interest, we graduate into what I call
an ASC scale campaign. Now, ASC is kind
of old school Facebook. Call it what you
want. This is just my old brain doing
this for so long calling it an ASC. It's
really just a 100% broad campaign. So,
in my actual account, I literally call
this scale. I call the one ad set scale
and I throw all my ads in here. This
campaign doesn't do anything magical.
All this does is guarantee that I could
spend more money against my top
performing ads within this adset. Just
like before, we're excluding all of our
existing customers. We want this to very
specifically just target net new
acquisition. Now, during this 10 to 30k
range, I call this the messy middle.
This is the spot that most brands get
stuck. This is both a mental trap and
actually a roadblock that is real. The
mental trap part of this is that most
brands can't physically get over the
hump of spending more than $1,000 per
day. It feels like a big hit to their
bottom line, and it is. It's a lot of
money that you're spending. The real
roadblock here is that you begin to
overspend just like before on existing
and engaged audiences. The objective of
all paid advertising is to get new
customers to your website. Everything
you do after that, like delivering
really good value of your product, email
campaigns, SMS campaigns, engaging with
your customers on social media, that's
how you keep existing customers coming
back over and over. And of course, we
have an ad effort to do that just a
little bit. But people that are pure
prospects, they've never even heard of
you before. maybe they've seen one or
two ads like the post something really
small. That's the focus of Facebook. So,
what I would urge everyone to do in this
10 to 30k range is make sure that the
roadblock that you're actually facing is
a real roadblock and make sure you're
spending as much money as possible on
new customer acquisition and you're not
overspending on existing and engaged,
which you can see easily in your
audience segments. I will also take this
moment to say that at the Moonlighters,
we work with brands in this range. So,
as long as you're spending $20,000 per
month and you're in the 1 to10 million
revenue mark, then go to the
moonlighters.com/apply
to see if you're a fit to work with us.
Worst case, you talk to someone on my
team for 10 minutes, you don't like us,
and you come back and you get your free
value right here. Best case, you're a
client like the hundreds that we have
worked with successfully scaling their
businesses profitably. Once we get
beyond 30K, you're going to see really
quickly that things get big. Your
account's going to start growing. you're
spending a,000, $2,000, $3,000 a day.
Things are moving quickly and things
become more fluid. What I mean by fluid
is in this stage, you'll tend to see
budgets go up and down in very large
degrees very quickly. You can go from
spending $1,000 a day to $3 or $4,000 a
day if things are going right and then
right back down to a,000 or $2,000 a day
when it's time to appropriately pull
back. Now, during this period, we have
the same prospecting CBO system as
before. Everything else is maintaining
exactly the same in this prospecting
campaign. We have our scale. Now these
two red brackets represent our new
customer acquisition. We then have our
existing customer effort which is going
to represent retention. And then finally
we have the new addition of retargeting.
Now retargeting here is going to be very
very important as we continue to grow.
And the reason I add retargeting in here
is specifically because we start to see
the overspending in prospecting in the
scaling campaign happen more so at this
30k plus range than ever. What I would
advise most brands to do at this stage
is to add add to cart plus site
retargeting. What that usually means is
add to cart 90 days and site visitors 30
days. I would generally match this with
my engaged audiences that I had
previously set up. And there's something
really important that you need to know
in this stage because as you start to
spend more money, you're going to run
into a CBO roadblock. The classic CBO
roadblock that I know a lot of
advertisers have run into is that one ad
set gets the majority of the spend and
then your new adsets don't have any
opportunity to actually spend and be
tested. So the way that we solve this is
in our adsets, we scroll down to our
budget and schedule setting and then we
click adset spending limits. When you
click adset spending limits, change this
from use percentage to use dollar value
and set your daily minimum to one time
your target cost per acquisition. If
your target CPA is 50 bucks, you put 50
bucks here. So, I'd mark my daily
minimum as $50. And I would let this run
for no greater than 7 days. There's a
maximum of 7 days. And here's how you
need to think about it. If the spend on
this adset is above $50 every day after
I set the minimum, then you could safely
remove this adset spending limit and
it's going to spend more than the $50
you have set. That's easy. If it's
exactly at the $50 minimum, then you'll
also know unfortunately that this is not
a scalable adset and you could again
remove the minimum. The only odd case
where you can keep this minimum is if
it's driving a high return on ad spend
for you and it's not spending more than
your minimum that you set. For example,
if I set 50 and my target was two, but I
was getting a four return on ad spend,
then I would keep this. In fact, I'd
probably be a little crafty here and
increase that 50 up to 100 bucks or even
greater to force some more spend on this
ad set. And now for the big time
spenders. We're talking $100,000 plus. I
know by many people's standards,
$100,000 is actually not too much to
spend in ads, but other folks will look
at 100K and think that is astronomically
larger than I could ever imagine. Think
about it like this. If you went from
3,000 to 6,000, would you really think
that is huge? Probably not. But if you
went from 100 to 200 or even 300, that
feels really big because the actual
number of dollars in and out is
significantly greater. But in
percentages, which is what a lot of this
needs to be dealt with, you're not
actually scaling too much. So when I say
100K plus, I truly mean well beyond 100.
Now, the crazy part here is you probably
notice from 30 to 100, we have generally
the same setup, but there's a few
nuances that need to be addressed. At
this point, you have a lot of creative
flowing in. And I like to use a rule for
how much creative you actually need to
be uploading into your ad account to
grow it. My best piece of advice is to
use the rule of 10,000. For every
$10,000 you spend per month in
advertising, you need to upload that
many ads per week. For example, if you
spend $100,000, you should upload 10 ads
per week. If you spend $500,000, you
should upload 50 ads per week. And no,
that doesn't include size variance. That
doesn't include little tiny iterations.
I'm talking about different ads. This
sounds crazy cuz it is crazy. It's hard.
It's very hard to do. And even though
we're working in the same system that we
were at 30K, things naturally get
bigger. You run a sale, you have a
different campaign that needs to stay
on, you have different parts of your
business that are active. So don't think
that just because I'm saying these are
the four campaigns, it's all said and
done. That's not necessarily true.
Usually, most of the brands that we're
working with have significantly greater
and larger ad accounts because in time
we find different things that work. And
just like I said at the beginning of
this video, we never shut something down
that's actively working. Now, when you
get to 100K plus, really beyond this,
you have to start to factor in some
other pieces. First, I really like to
involve cost caps at this stage. I think
cost caps, bid caps, or even target
rorowaz is a fantastic way to sustain
your return on ad spend or your cost per
acquisition. and let spend be a little
bit more variable. This is very
important. Next is it's a good
opportunity to implement things like day
parting and week parting. You likely can
very easily see which days of the week
perform better for your business. So
spend more money on those days. In fact,
go into your Shopify right now, find
those days and figure out, are you
spending more on your better performing
days? If not, this is one of the easiest
things you can do to get 10 even 20%
better performance without touching a
thing. And finally, this is a big tip
for big advertisers out there. Use
incremental attribution. Gone are the
days of 7-day click. Gone are the days
of one day click. 7-day click one day
view is typically a little bit too big
when you're at this sort of stage. So
either evaluate or actually use
incremental attribution because you're
going to have a massive halo effect.
You're going to have a lot of referrals,
a lot of word of mouth that's growing.
We really want to understand what are
the purchases that happen because of
Facebook. It's exactly what incremental
attribution does. Now, I just broke down
my entire strategy for you. And if you
want to see the step-by-step
implementation of this, the actual
document that describes everything that
I just went through, the flowcharts, and
way more, then click the link down in
the description where I give you my full
22page M3 guide. And last, if you want
to see how you can multiply your static
ad output to create a content machine,
click this video right here where I take
you step by step on how to use Google's
new Nano Banana 3 completely for free to
multiply your creative output. That's
all for today. I hope everyone got a ton
of value out of this video and I will
see you in the next